SubmissionNumber#=%=#15
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#Benben: A Chinese Intelligent Conversational Robot
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#Benben: A Chinese Intelligent Conversational Robot
NumberOfPages#=%=#6
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Wei-Nan Zhang
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#Research Center for Social Computing and Information Retrieval
No.29 Jiaohua Street, Nangang District, Harbin, China, 150001
Abstract#==#Recently, conversational robot is widely used in mobile terminals as the
virtual assistant or companion. The goals of prevalent conversational robots
mainly focus on four categories, namely chit-chat, task completion, question
answering and recommendation. In this paper, we present a Chinese intelligent
conversational robot, Benben, which is designed to achieve these goals in a
unified architecture. Moreover, it also has some featured functions such as
diet map, implicit feedback based conversation, interactive machine reading,
news recommendation, etc. Since the release of Benben at June 6, 2016, there
are 2,505 users (till Feb 22, 2017) and 11,107 complete human-robot
conversations, which totally contain 198,998 single turn conversation pairs.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Wei-Nan
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Zhang
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#wnzhang@ir.hit.edu.cn
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Harbin Institute of Technology
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Ting
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Liu
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#tliu@ir.hit.edu.cn
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#Harbin Institute of Technology
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Bing
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Qin
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#qinb@ir.hit.edu.cn
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#Harbin Institute of Technology
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Yu
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Zhang
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#zhangyu@ir.hit.edu.cn
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#Harbin Institute of Technology
Author{5}{Firstname}#=%=#Wanxiang
Author{5}{Lastname}#=%=#Che
Author{5}{Email}#=%=#car@ir.hit.edu.cn
Author{5}{Affiliation}#=%=#Harbin Institute of Technology
Author{6}{Firstname}#=%=#Yanyan
Author{6}{Lastname}#=%=#Zhao
Author{6}{Email}#=%=#yyzhao@ir.hit.edu.cn
Author{6}{Affiliation}#=%=#Harbin Institute of Technology
Author{7}{Firstname}#=%=#Xiao
Author{7}{Lastname}#=%=#Ding
Author{7}{Email}#=%=#xding@ir.hit.edu.cn
Author{7}{Affiliation}#=%=#Harbin Institute of Technology

==========